They're going to understand.
>> They're going to love it.
>> Okay. What's up, chat? Google for
Developers is in our Tik Tok era. This
UNC showed up in your FYP. No cap. Is
this like literally the first video
that's going to be on the channel?
>> Yeah.
>> All of our contacts going to be very
cutesy and very demir. We're clocking
the developer tea. We're cooking. We're
eating the crumbs. Um, all for you. I
don't trust you [laughter]
whatsoever.
Immaculate vibes low-key. It's time to
lock in and build some wild stuff. The
Google for developers crew is here with
tutorials, code samples, and everything
else to get you cooking. Following us
would be a major sle. What does 67 mean?
>> Don't worry about it. They're going to
love it.